CLDR-17046 Update UPDATING.md to document updating the repository (#62)
unicode-cldr/cldr-json: UPDATING.md

- If a `cldr-json/supplemental` or `cldr-json/other` or other such subdirectory shows up not prefixed with `cldr-`, there's probably something wrong with the `cldr-json` mapping.
  - Sadly, there is no documentation about how to update the tooling. TODO: [CLDR-16445](https://unicode-org.atlassian.net/browse/CLDR-16445)

### Updating the Repository

1. Run `git checkout -b ...` to create a new branch.
2. Run `git status` to check whether there are any newly added files/directories such as for new locales.

> 3. If there are newly added files, and they are all appropriate to add, run `git add cldr-json` to add the entire nested `cldr-json` subdirectory.

Reviewer: `git commit` will have no effect unless something is staged (such as with `git add`).  So, *after inspection*, `git add cldr-json` should be unconditional.

> 1. Run `git checkout -b ...` to create a new branch.
> 2. Run `git status` to check whether there are any newly added files/directories such as for new locales.
> 3. If there are newly added files, and they are all appropriate to add, run `git add cldr-json` to add the entire nested `cldr-json` subdirectory.
> 4. Make a pull request (`git commit ...`, `git push`, ...), get it approved, and merge it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `git checkout -b ...` to create a new branch.
2. Run `git status` to check whether there are any newly added files/directories such as for new locales, or removed files/directories.  If you see any files or directories named `other…`, stop, because there's a generation problem.
3. Run `git add cldr-json` to add the entire nested `cldr-json` subdirectory.
4. Make a pull request (`git commit ...`, `git push`, ...), get it approved, and merge it.
```
